she's like oh my god a rap video
this is like one of my favorite spots
come to the East I'm really tight with
your owner I mean the whole old American
Badass thing is more just being clever
but the music is a reflection of how I'm
feeling at the moment
my feelings is more in the space of what
was going on in the country Joey badass
it's really just a name is more just
about you know being bold and not not
holding back I'm always going to speak
on what I think's gonna speak on I'm
always gonna fight for what I think
needs to be fought for that's where the
badass cause for me it's less about
breaking windows when it comes to my
style I make sure there's not a dull
moment I'm not a guy who shops for
brands like I'm not just going to Gucci
cuz it's Gucci right if I buy something
from Gucci like the belt I have on it's
cuz I just really like the design it
could be $800 or could be $8.00
from the crystal I was watching the
Muhammad Ali interview on time right and
he was just talking about the way you
know he carries himself and the reason
why people see him in Rolls Royces and
luxuries and things like that
he said if I pull up to a stoplight
right and I'm in my roll
Royce shine stunted you're more likely
to listen to that man then a minute if I
was Muhammad Ali and I pulled up in the
raggedy thing you know I'm saying I got
to make what you see attractive enough
before you'd even want to be interested
in hearing what I got to say I think oh
no I saw it took me so long to
get here today cuz I'm like yo is Bo so
I'm like what the I got it
where's something crazy chopped our
different outfits on I'm like yo you
know what canceling to me style is like
something you're born with you purchase
fashion it was good my brother are you
doing good yeah he's a fan but he's a
friend now bro and I tell you like every
New York show he's been to or just
driving by I'm gonna work right now oh I
no doubt was like yeah that's my man
like I look out for that kid like the
fact that I have a voice and I can speak
for people don't have a voice
it's my superpower always wanted to
deliver something positive that maybe
the listener can gain something from it
you know benefit to listen to learn or
motivate or inspire I can inspire not a
lot of negative thing and I almost want
to flip it I want to reverse the energy
we are in a collective conscious I have
a very holistic type of way of thinking
now I'm very spiritual person crystals
are like my Philosopher's Stone they
release electromagnetic frequencies and
vibrations that help lift your
frequencies and vibrations there used to
be a point where I wouldn't leave my
house without leave
wearing a crystal is it amethyst real
tiny empty so my thinking ring I've
become the crystal I always do things
from outside of my
you know I just I like to keep it real
with myself like if I wasn't me without
picture that's like that's how I
judge my music I don't think I've ever
felt comfortable and like and I feel
like the fulfillment of my dreams makes
me feel comfortable because the main
reason why I don't feel comfortable
because I'm so anxious to get what I
what I wish to get done done that makes
me Restless
[Music]